[Intro]
What?
Yeah
What?

[Chorus]
You say you've got them guns but I've never seen you bang (Bang)
You say, you got them drugs but I've never seen you slang (Slang)
You say you in the game but I've yet to see you play (Play)
You say you're goin' hard but nobody feels the same (No)
You say you got them guns but I've never seen you bang (Bang)
You say you got them drugs but I've never seen you slang (Slang)
You say you in the game but I've yet to see you play (Play)
You say you're goin' hard but nobody feels the same

[Verse]
Swervin' off, my eyes closed
Graveyard's where I call home
Razor blade on my fuckin' bones
Touch me and I'ma cut you off
Raindrops on my white skin
Turn ghost and I'm in my zone
Hair long, my blunt's short
Always smoke, so we rollin' more
Comin' down, comin' down
See me but don't hear a sound
Ridin' 'round, ridin' 'round
Cemetery Blunts in the background loud
Now, now, burn it all to the ground
To the ground, ground
Gura back in town
I ain't got no fucking chain, I ain't got no diamond ring
Young Justin Timberlake, all these bitches know my name
If you see me out in public then you know I got the blade
If you see me on the stage (see me), you know I got the blade
Hunnid pills in my pocket but that shit is not for me
I feed 'em to my girl and watch her drop down to her knees (What?)
Ghosts in my head, I got ash on my jeans (Yeah)
These women tryna scheme, 'cause I look like Dawson's Creek (Uh huh)

[Chorus]
You say you've got them guns but I've never seen you bang (Bang)
You say you got them drugs but I've never seen you slang (Slang)
You say you in the game but I've yet to see you play (What?)
You say you're goin' hard but nobody feels the same (Gura)
You say you got them guns but I've never seen you bang (Bang)
You say you got them drugs but I've never seen you slang (Slang)
You say you in the game but I've yet to see you play
You say you're goin' hard but nobody feels the same, yeah

[Outro]
What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What?
What?