[Intro]
Psst, we see dead people
(Mustard on the beat, ho)

[Verse 1]
Ayy, Mustard on the beat, ho
Deebo any rap, you know he a free throw
Man down, call an amberlamps, tell him, "Breathe, bro"
Nailing him to the cross, he walk around like Teezo
What's up with these jabroni-ass pups tryna see Compton?
The industry can hate me, fuck 'em all and they mama
How many opps you really got? I mean, it's too many options
I'm finna pass on this body, I'm John Stockton
Beat your ass and hide the Bible if God watchin'
Sometimes you gotta pop out and show them
Certified boogeyman, I'm the one that up the score with 'em
Walk him down, whole time, I know he got some ho in him
Pole on him, extort shit, bully Death Row on him
Say, Drake, I hear you like 'em young
You better not ever go to cell block one
To any bitch that talk to him and they in love
Just make sure you hide your lil' sister from him
They tell me Chubbs the only one that get your hand-me-downs
And Party at the party playin' with his nose now
And Baka got a weird case, why is he around?
Certified Lover Boy? Certified pedophiles
Bau, bau, bau, bau, bau, Dot, fuck 'em up
Bau, bau, bau, bau, bau, I'ma do my stuff
Why you trollin' like a bitch? Ain't you tired?
Tryna strike a chord and it's probably A minor
BBL Drizzy, BBL Drizzy

[Chorus]
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us

[Verse 2]
You think the Bay gon' let you disrespect Pac?
I think that Oakland show gon' be your last stop
Did Cole foul, I don't know why you still pretendin'
What is the owl? Bird bitches, burnt bitches, go
The audience not dumb
Shape the stories how you want, hey, Drake, they're not slow
Rabbit hole is still deep, I can go further, I promise
Ain't that somethin'? B-Rad stands for bitch and you Malibu most wanted
Ain't no law, boy, you ball boy, fetch Gatorade or somethin'
Since 2009, I had this bitch jumpin'
You get a wedgie, be flipped over your boxers
What OVO for? The "Other Vaginal Option"? Pussy
Better straighten they posture, got famous all up in Compton
Might write this for the doctorate, tell the pop star quit hidin'
Fuck a caption, want action, no accident
And I'm hands-on, he fuck around, get polished
Fucked on Wayne girl while he was in jail, that's connivin'
Then get his face tatted like a bitch apologizin'
I'm glad DeRoz' came home, y'all didn't deserve him neither
From Alondra down to Central,  b-better not speak on Serena
And your homeboy need subpoena, that predator move in flocks
That name gotta be registered and placed on neighborhood watch
I lean on you bitches like another line of Wock'
Yeah, it's all eyes on me, and I'ma send it up to Pac, bau
Put the wrong label on me, I'ma get 'em dropped, bau
Sweet Chin Music and I won't pass the aux, bau
How many stocks do I really have in stock? bau
One, two, three, four, five, plus five, bau
Devil is a lie, he a 69 God, bau
Fr-fr-freaky-ass need to stay they ass inside, bau
Roll they ass up like a fresh pack of 'za, bau
City is back up, it's a must, we outside
Bau bau bau bau bau bau bau bau
Bau bau bau bau bau bau

[Chorus]
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us

[Verse 3]
Once upon a time, all of us was in chains
Homie still doubled down callin' us some slaves
Atlanta was the Mecca, buildin' railroads and trains
Bear with me for a second, let me put y'all on game
The settlers was usin' townfolk to make 'em richer
Fast-forward, 2024, you got the same agenda
You run to Atlanta when you need a check balance
Let me break it down for you, this the real real challenge
You called Future when you didn't see the club (Ayy, what?)
Lil Baby helped you get your lingo up (What?)
21 gave you false street cred
Thug made you feel like you a slime in your head (Ayy, what?)
Quavo said you can be from Northside (What?)
2 Chainz say you good, but he lied
You run to Atlanta when you need a few dollars
No, you not a colleague, you a fuckin' colonizer
The family matter and the truth of the matter
It was God's plan to show y'all the liar

[Bridge]
Mm
Mm-mm
He a fan, he a fan, he a fan (Mm)
He a fan, he a fan, he a
Freaky-ass hey, he a 69 God
Freaky-ass hey, he a 69 God
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Freaky-ass hey, he a 69 God
Freaky-ass hey, he a 69 God
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Let me hear you say, "OV-ho" (OV-ho)
Say, "OV-ho" (OV-ho)
Then step this way, step that way
Then step this way, step that way

[Outro]
Are you my friend?
Are we locked in?
Then step this way, step that way
Then step this way, step that way
G-g-go
BBL Drizzy, BBL Drizzy
BBL Drizzy, BBL Drizzy
I'm thicker than a Snicker
I'm thicker than your ninja
Don't act like you don't know me
These yams deserve a trophy
Baby, it ain't no mystery
Got the best BBL in history
This cake will make you show up
I know you seen this glow up
As BBL Drizzy
BBL Drizzy