[Intro: Mococo Abyssgard]
God knows
I am reincarnated
I was stargazin'
Life goes on, I need all my babies (Bau, bau!)

[Verse 1: Mococo Abyssgard, Fuwawa Abyssgard]
Woke up lookin' for the broccoli
High-key, keep a horn on me, that Kamasi
IP, ownership, the blueprint is by me
Mr. Get Off, I get off and mop feet
When I hear music, it makes me dance
You got the music, now is your chance
A yee doggie couldn't try me in the tri-state
Buddy pass, bet I get him splashed 'til he hydrated
Bounce out, know he spook town, eyes dilated
I got the money and the power both gyratin'

[Chorus: FUWAMOCO]
I feel good, get the fuck out my face
Look good, but shе don't got no taste
I walk in, walked out with the safе
Mando, let me know what the play

[Verse 2: Mococo Abyssgard, Fuwawa Abyssgard]
What the fluff?
I got hits, I got bucks, I got new paper cuts
I got friends, I got foes, but they all sitting ducks
Hit his turf and get crackin', double back like a deluxe
Fifty deep, but it ain't deep enough
Fluff a plea, there he go, beat him up
Fallin' from a money tree and it grow throughout the months
Spit a loogie at the camera, speed off, yeah, it's us, bau bau!

[Chorus: FUWAMOCO]
I feel good, get the fuck out my face
Look good, but she don't got no taste
I walk in, walked out with the safe
Mando, let me know what the play

[Post-Chorus: Mococo Abyssgard, Fuwawa Abyssgard]
Squabble up, bau bau
Squabble up, bau bau
Squabble up, bau bau
Squabble up, bau bau
Squabble up, bau bau
Squabble up, bau bau
Squabble up, bau bau
Squabble up

[Bridge: FUWAMOCO]
Hol' up (Hol' up)
Where you from? (Where you from?)
Bye, bitch (Bye, bitch)
I'm finna go dumb (Finna go dumb)
Sideways (Sideways)
Bunk skunk (Bunk skunk)
Fever (Fever)
I'm on one (I'm on one)

[Verse 3: Mococo Abyssgard, Fuwawa Abyssgard]
Bau, bau, bau, bau, bau, baby rockin' it
Quid pro quo, what you want? 'Cause I'm watchin' it
Work on the floor, let me know if you clockin' it
Brodie won't go, but I know that he poppin' it
It was woof tickets on sale 'til I silenced it
Pipe down, young, these some whole other politics
Bitch with him and some bitch in him, that's a lot of bitch
Don't hit him, he got kids with him, my apologies
Since a child, it was Black & Milds with the Smirnoff
Yeehaw, we outside, whoadie 'bout to kill him off
Baus on baus, it's a fact, this a brick of raw
Tell me why the fluff you bitches rap if it's fictional?
Tell me why the fluff you bitches fed if you criminal?
"Ayy, Mocochan, can I get a drop?" I'm like, "Bitch, nah"
FUWAMOCO loom from the Westside to Senegal
It's a full moon, let the wolves out, I been a dog (Ah)

[Chorus: FUWAMOCO]
I feel good, get the fuck out my face
Look good, but she don't got no taste
I walk in, walked out with the safe
Mando, let me know what the play

[Post-Chorus: Mococo Abyssgard, Fuwawa Abyssgard]
Squabble up, squabble up
Squabble up, squabble up
Squabble up (Mm, mm), squabble up (Mm, mm)
Squabble up (Mm, mm), squabble up